h1. Getting wasted app 

*The source of http://gettingwastedapp.com*

This is a small application, showing a google map with places where you can get "wasted"* . :D 

If you want to suggest a place where people can get wasted, just send a twitter message with the following syntax: "@gettingwasted working with PHP L: cologne, vogelsangerstr. 1".

feel free to make something crazy with this small application.

h2. Source

It's a Sinatra app that uses ActiveRecord to store the tweets

*environment.rb* contains the global setup

*importer.rb* imports the replies from twitter - We're currently running this in a cron job.

*drunkhere.rb* the actual Sinatra app.


* As in having party ;)


Copyright (c) 2008 Railslove

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.